All right welcome back my students I hope you guys are really excited.
We are actually making good progress in this course and learning a lot of new things right.
All right.
I don't want you to fall asleep in my class or if you're falling asleep or go get some rest and come
back.
Drink your coffee if you drink coffee or your natural energy drink.
Come back to the class.
I want you here refresh and paying attention.
All right.
Anyway we have not done any version control yet.
We need to save our files that we have been creating right.
Because what if something happens and we lose everything right.
Well I'm not talking about computer backups you should already be doing a computer backup right.
She'll really have a hard drive backing up all your stuff automatically.
All right.
Anyway so here I want to do something real quick.
I want to fix this here.
I'm going to show you how we're going to be doing styles in this project.
So I'm going to do a little inspect inspection here.
I'm going to find out what's wrong.
I see that the body has some type of padding that is affecting it.
Let's actually play around with padding and actually that's a padding top party type.
And 30 pixels.
And as you can see if I increase a he goes down.
So if I minimize this to zero.
Actually it works it's good.
So that's what we got to do.
So we got to get the body here on the Admin Page and we have an ideal ready for that page that I actually
placed there when I was creating that file for you guys.
So let's go to our file.
And as you can see has an I.D. here in body.
So we're going to get the and copy it and then I want you to go the assets your SAS file click on it
.
All right.
And you guys don't know much about this file do you.
Well in the south such as this is a SAS file.
S C S S And We are not going to cover Sassi or last or anything like that but just know that this is
like a super C-s says it's styling file.
All right.
You can do even variables in here.
All right but we're not going to get into that is a little complex for this course and that's that will
be another course that I would probably create just to make you guys more productive when you're using
CSSA.
All right but anyway this is what we're going to be writing or files this file is included This is compiled
into public access as an app that VSS not app that SPSS which stands for SAS.
Right.
But anyway here I'm going to start writing my Stahl's because this file is above all and all the rest
of the files.
All right.
So let's do actually spatting B C and then tab and we'll make it for me because this is BHB storm.
That's right.
PH B-story baby.
All right padding top.
We're going to make it 0.
B it's you don't have to put it but I write it anyway.
And then we going to come down here and we're going to say golpe because we need to compile a file again
.
Golpe right.
So every time you change this this needs to be compiled back to.
Right here.
All right.
All right cool.
So that worked.
You can see here that I was merging.
Does all of that.
Let's come back here and see if it worked here.
Refresh.
And as you can see it did not change.
That's because it worked right.
Because we were playing around with respect element and we brought it down.
We broke down the padding of body.
Right.
If we take this off goes back so we added that.
Beautiful.
All right so now let's do some version control real quick before we lose any of this stuff and we don't
want to do that.
I'm tired of PH B-story asking me to the version control is actually reminding me I actually like it
.
All right.
I'm not tire of it.
Sorry BHB storm.
All right so let's say get ADD.
We're going to add everything we're going to commit.
Good commit and we're going to say that
what kind of stages is admin.
Master page set up.
All right.
Now you can write whatever you want whatever you can be a little more descriptive than what I was there
guys or I I you I'm just doing this as an example guys because I want you guys to have an idea how this
is done.
But as you go alone you're going to create your own styles and you're going to you know follow the conventions
out there that you think are more appropriate.
And you know this is just a guide in Suraiya a guide for you.
All right cool.
So now if we go here good log We've got two commits here.
All right so now we can push this to get up later and then we can pull this from another computer.
So where in the world or somebody else can actually help us build the next Facebook right.
Pretty cool.
But anyway.
All right.
So we are good with this.
Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next lectures.